# Abstract
JASON-video-group: the video recording the implementation of the program.
IIS Report for Coursework 2: the report
Bufe: The folder that contains the codes
Bufe\src\asl: the folder that contains the codes for agents
Bufe\java\asl: the folder that contains the codes for environment

# Scenario
In this report, we have a scenario in the catering industry. There is a restaurant called The Leo’s, which is located at the Clifton Town, Bristol. The operating model of this restaurant is that the restaurant is provided with food by a supplier at the first place. Because of the competition of catering industry, the restaurant chooses the supplier, Bristol Restaurant Supply, to purchase food promptly in order to make sure the food is fresh and delicious. Secondly, the restaurant makes food processed according to its unique recipe and supplies delicious dishes to its customers. Because the food in the restaurant is very delicate and distinctive, it is very famous among the local people and even visitors. Every day, a large amount of people come here to eat and drink. In this scenario, assumed that no one needs to wait, each customer has three actions when he comes this restaurant. The first one is to order dishes, and the second one is to consume dishes, and the last one is to pay for the dinner. As for the chefs in the restaurant, they have to prepared dishes before the opening of the restaurant in order to make sure it is available in the beginning of every day. After the customers arrive and order dishes, the restaurant waiters move to provide customers with dishes. When this food stock is below a certain level, the managers of restaurant will ask the supplier, Bristol Food Restaurant, to offer food as soon as possible. This scenario is a chain system as the supplier offer various food ingredient to the restaurant and customers are provided with the dishes by the restaurant. Every day, this multi-agent system has different challenges while it still can reach the dynamical balance perfectly
